README.md, before:

# Tommie's code snippets

A repository to run code snippets.

---

## Index

- [Stack](#stack)
- [Summary](#summary)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Local Commands](#local-commands)

---

## Stack

- [HTML5](https://html.com/)
- [CSS3](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
- [JavaScript ES6](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

---

## Summary

|          Topic          |  Programming Language   |                       Description                        |                                                                                  Links                                                                                  |
| :---------------------: | :---------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|        Promises         |       JavaScript        |         Two different ways to call API endpoints         |                [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1521631124656635906) and [Raw code](/snippets/promise-async-await-then-03-05-2022.js)                |
|        Promises         |       JavaScript        |            Promise chaining and .then keyword            |                 [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1528753221749153794) and [Raw code](/snippets/promise-then-chaining-23-05-2022.js)                  |
|        Promises         |       JavaScript        |               Async await syntactic sugar                |          [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1529182569325121536) and [Raw code](/snippets/promise-async-await-syntactic-sugar-24-05-2022.js)           |
|        Promises         |       JavaScript        |                    What is a Promise?                    |                  [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1527745975783129088) and [Raw code](/snippets/promise-introduction-20-05-2022.js)                  |
|   String method split   |       JavaScript        |         Split a string into an array of strings          |                  [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1526638679560798215) and [Raw code](/snippets/string-method-split-17-05-2022.js)                   |
| Type function arguments |       TypeScript        |              Typing your function arguments              |             [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1521920077637029889) and [Raw code](/snippets/typescript-function-arguments-04-05-2022.ts)              |
|   Creating DOM nodes    |    HTML, JavaScript     | Creating and appending DOM nodes in HTML with JavaScript | [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1536731373842702337?cxt=HHwWgoC90dzCyNMqAAAA) and [Raw code](/snippets/typescript-function-arguments-04-05-2022.ts) |
|   Intro to React API    | HTML, JavaScript, React |         Creating an element using the React API          |       [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1537117388331794432?cxt=HHwWgIC-2dyH-NQqAAAA) and [Raw code](/snippets/react-api-intro-15-06-2022.html)       |
|      Intro to JSX       | HTML, JavaScript, React |            Using JSX instead of the React API            |          [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1537487443447975936?cxt=HHwWgMC4leKroNYqAAAA) and [Raw code](/snippets/jsx-babel-16-06-2022.html)          |
|     Intro to JSDoc      |       JavaScript        |         Documenting complex functions with JSDoc         |                  [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1526266768808869894) and [Raw code](/snippets/js-doc-calculate-tip-16-05-2022.js)                  |

---

## Getting Started

Fork or clone the repository.

---

## Local Commands

In this current section, you can find the command to run the code snippet in your machine:

```sh
$ node <filename>
```

---

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch with specs (`git checkout -b my-cute-feature`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Added my cute feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-cute-feature`).
5. Create your new pull request.

---

## Contributors

- Tommie Nguyễn ([TommiEng](https://github.com/TommiEng))
- Gui Bibeau ([GuiBibeau](https://github.com/GuiBibeau))

---

# **Have a question or suggestion?**

Contact me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TommiEng), send an email to TommiEng@proton.me, or create a pull request on this project.

---

Commit message:

Added Map object snippet from  13-05-2022

README.md, after:

# Tommie's code snippets

A repository to run code snippets.

---

## Index

- [Stack](#stack)
- [Summary](#summary)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Local Commands](#local-commands)

---

## Stack

- [HTML5](https://html.com/)
- [CSS3](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
- [JavaScript ES6](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

---

## Summary

|          Topic          |  Programming Language   |                       Description                        |                                                                                  Links                                                                                  |
| :---------------------: | :---------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|        Promises         |       JavaScript        |         Two different ways to call API endpoints         |                [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1521631124656635906) and [Raw code](/snippets/promise-async-await-then-03-05-2022.js)                |
|        Promises         |       JavaScript        |            Promise chaining and .then keyword            |                 [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1528753221749153794) and [Raw code](/snippets/promise-then-chaining-23-05-2022.js)                  |
|        Promises         |       JavaScript        |               Async await syntactic sugar                |          [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1529182569325121536) and [Raw code](/snippets/promise-async-await-syntactic-sugar-24-05-2022.js)           |
|        Promises         |       JavaScript        |                    What is a Promise?                    |                  [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1527745975783129088) and [Raw code](/snippets/promise-introduction-20-05-2022.js)                  |
|   String method split   |       JavaScript        |         Split a string into an array of strings          |                  [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1526638679560798215) and [Raw code](/snippets/string-method-split-17-05-2022.js)                   |
| Type function arguments |       TypeScript        |              Typing your function arguments              |             [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1521920077637029889) and [Raw code](/snippets/typescript-function-arguments-04-05-2022.ts)              |
|   Creating DOM nodes    |    HTML, JavaScript     | Creating and appending DOM nodes in HTML with JavaScript | [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1536731373842702337?cxt=HHwWgoC90dzCyNMqAAAA) and [Raw code](/snippets/typescript-function-arguments-04-05-2022.ts) |
|   Intro to React API    | HTML, JavaScript, React |         Creating an element using the React API          |       [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1537117388331794432?cxt=HHwWgIC-2dyH-NQqAAAA) and [Raw code](/snippets/react-api-intro-15-06-2022.html)       |
|      Intro to JSX       | HTML, JavaScript, React |            Using JSX instead of the React API            |          [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1537487443447975936?cxt=HHwWgMC4leKroNYqAAAA) and [Raw code](/snippets/jsx-babel-16-06-2022.html)          |
|     Intro to JSDoc      |       JavaScript        |         Documenting complex functions with JSDoc         |                  [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1526266768808869894) and [Raw code](/snippets/js-doc-calculate-tip-16-05-2022.js)                  |
|     The Map object      |       JavaScript        |  Learning about the Map object and its key-value pairs   |                       [Original post](https://twitter.com/TommiEng/status/1525185808122232834) and [Raw code](/snippets/map-object-13-05-2022.js)                       |

---

## Getting Started

Fork or clone the repository.

---

## Local Commands

In this current section, you can find the command to run the code snippet in your machine:

```sh
$ node <filename>
```

---

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch with specs (`git checkout -b my-cute-feature`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Added my cute feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-cute-feature`).
5. Create your new pull request.

---

## Contributors

- Tommie Nguyễn ([TommiEng](https://github.com/TommiEng))
- Gui Bibeau ([GuiBibeau](https://github.com/GuiBibeau))

---

# **Have a question or suggestion?**

Contact me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TommiEng), send an email to TommiEng@proton.me, or create a pull request on this project.

---
